fastlane/README.md, before:

fastlane documentation
================
# Installation

Make sure you have the latest version of the Xcode command line tools installed:

```
xcode-select --install
```

## Choose your installation method:

<table width="100%" >
<tr>
<th width="33%"><a href="http://brew.sh">Homebrew</a></td>
<th width="33%">Installer Script</td>
<th width="33%">Rubygems</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td width="33%" align="center">macOS</td>
<td width="33%" align="center">macOS</td>
<td width="33%" align="center">macOS or Linux with Ruby 2.0.0 or above</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td width="33%"><code>brew cask install fastlane</code></td>
<td width="33%"><a href="https://download.fastlane.tools">Download the zip file</a>. Then double click on the <code>install</code> script (or run it in a terminal window).</td>
<td width="33%"><code>sudo gem install fastlane -NV</code></td>
</tr>
</table>

# Available Actions
## iOS
### ios test
```
fastlane ios test
```
Runs all the tests
### ios beta
```
fastlane ios beta
```
Deploy to Hockeyapp
### ios release
```
fastlane ios release
```
Build and deploy to AWS S3 and hockey
### ios novartis
```
fastlane ios novartis
```
Build version for novartis
### ios app_store
```
fastlane ios app_store
```
Build version for App Store

----

This README.md is auto-generated and will be re-generated every time [fastlane](https://fastlane.tools) is run.
More information about fastlane can be found on [fastlane.tools](https://fastlane.tools).
The documentation of fastlane can be found on [docs.fastlane.tools](https://docs.fastlane.tools).

Commit message:

QOT-353-Add lane specific password (#781)
* Add lane specific password

* Update version to 1.0.0

A minimum of 1.0.0 is needed for app store submission

fastlane/README.md, after:

fastlane documentation
================
# Installation

Make sure you have the latest version of the Xcode command line tools installed:

```
xcode-select --install
```

## Choose your installation method:

<table width="100%" >
<tr>
<th width="33%"><a href="http://brew.sh">Homebrew</a></td>
<th width="33%">Installer Script</td>
<th width="33%">Rubygems</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td width="33%" align="center">macOS</td>
<td width="33%" align="center">macOS</td>
<td width="33%" align="center">macOS or Linux with Ruby 2.0.0 or above</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td width="33%"><code>brew cask install fastlane</code></td>
<td width="33%"><a href="https://download.fastlane.tools">Download the zip file</a>. Then double click on the <code>install</code> script (or run it in a terminal window).</td>
<td width="33%"><code>sudo gem install fastlane -NV</code></td>
</tr>
</table>

# Available Actions
## iOS
### ios test
```
fastlane ios test
```
Runs all the tests
### ios beta
```
fastlane ios beta
```
Deploy to Hockeyapp
### ios release
```
fastlane ios release
```
Build and deploy to AWS S3 and hockey
### ios novartis
```
fastlane ios novartis
```
Build and deploy to hockey for Novartis
### ios app_store
```
fastlane ios app_store
```
Build and deploy to App Store

----

This README.md is auto-generated and will be re-generated every time [fastlane](https://fastlane.tools) is run.
More information about fastlane can be found on [fastlane.tools](https://fastlane.tools).
The documentation of fastlane can be found on [docs.fastlane.tools](https://docs.fastlane.tools).
